prints "Hello, World, 1. Displays a confused smiley 2.Display the content of the/etc/passwd file. 2.Display the content of the/etc/passwd file. 2.Display the content of the/etc/passwd file. 3.Display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts. 4.Display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd. 5.Display the first 10 lines of/etc/passwd 6.Diplays the third line of the file iacta 7.Write a shell script that craetes a file named \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:)containing best school by ending a new line. 8.Write a script that writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it. 9.Write a script that duplicates the last line of the file iacta The file iacta will be in the working directory 10.Write a script that deletes all the regular files (not the directories) with a .js extension that are present in the current directory and all its subfolders. 11.Write a script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory, The current and parent directories should not be taken into account Hidden directories should be couned 12.Create a script that displays the 10 newest files in the current directory, One file per line, Sorted from the newest to the oldest 13.Create a script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once. 13. Create a script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once, Input format: One line, one word, Words should be sorted 14.Display lines containing the pattern “root” from the file /etc/passwd, 15.Display the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin” in the file /etc/passwd.16. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories. 23. Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories."
